---
layout: teaching
title: "Teaching"
permalink: /teaching/
author_profile: true
---

In my research, I aim to bridge approaches in philosophy, cognitive
psychology, computational modeling, and Bayesian statistics to
determine how people determine the causes of different events. Just
like how progress in cognitive science requires this kind of
interdisciplinary integration to build holisitic characterizations of
mental phenomena, I firmly believe that individual students' learning
also can benefit from tackling issues from a number of different
perspectives. So, in my teaching, my goal is to help students actively
engage with course material to build multiple paths to understanding.

Teaching and mentorship has been an important part of my academic
journey since I was an undergraduate student at RPI. As part of my
undergraduate research using formal logic to solve classic
philosophical paradoxes, my PI Selmer Bringsjord invited me to guest
lecture in a number of his classes. So, after introducing my students
to paradoxes like the [lottery
paradox](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lottery_paradox) and [Newcomb's
paradox](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Newcomb%27s_paradox) and
debating over them in everyday language, we returned to formalize the
paradoxes in logical terms and debate once again. My students agreed
that thinking about these problems in each way can highlight different
solutions as intuitive, such that formal logic can reveal biases and
gaps in our commonsense understanding, and our commonsense
understanding can tell us when our formalisms are insufficient.

As a graduate student, I have built on this approach for a wider range
of courses as a teaching assistant. In the summer of 2020 I was a TA
for the inaugural semester of [Neuromatch
Academy](https://academy.neuromatch.io/about), a summer school on
computational neuroscience. In addition to guiding my students through
the [open, interactive Python
workbooks](https://compneuro.neuromatch.io/tutorials/intro.html) on a
range of computational methods, I also mentored them in building team
coding projects answering new scientific questions by analyzing open
data. At Duke, I have TA'd for three courses ranging from 15 up to 100
students (Introduction to Cognitive Psychology, Quantitative Research
Methods & Statistics, and Psychology of Imagination), and in each
course I had the opportunity to lead hands-on discussion sections and
guest lectures. Finally, as part of the leadership team for the
Cognitive Neuroscience Research Internship program for Duke
undergraduates, I have mentored a number of students and guest
lectured on computational modeling, moral judgment, and modal
cognition. To learn more about each of these teaching experiences,
feel free to browse the pages below!

As a post-doc and beyond, I hope to continue making teaching and
mentorship one of my top priorities. In particular, it would be
amazing to develop my own courses to help students in different
subfields of cognitive science to gain experience with modern
statistical, modeling, and open-science practices. If any of this
sounds interesting to you, please contact me!
